ah
it's beautiful here in the country and
and it's peaceful and it's a perfect
environment for the girls to really find
themselves
what's pleased me most is the
professional level of excellence that
exists air-crane Pryor and I would
recommend the school to any parent who
thought this is what their child needed
the woman who has no imagination has no
wings Muhammad Ali
so one of the things I really struggled
with when my daughter was developing
some emotional and behavioral issues was
what could I do for her to really help
her and I realized at a certain point
that I couldn't do it our situation had
become toxic and there was nothing that
I could do so I went to Greenbrier and I
didn't saw the school and I saw all that
had to happen offer and I was very
encouraged and I have to say that ever
since that day when when I dropped her
off for the first time and I drove home
in tears but I knew it was the best
thing I could do she has gotten some
amazing tools and skills that will serve
her well throughout her life and I can
be happier and I'm so proud of her in
her growth and she's amazing she's done
really well I have like so many memories
at the barn just hanging out with the
girls and like hanging out with the
horses and in April and even though
mucking stalls doesn't film
seeing her reconnect with a passion for
horses that had kind of gotten lost in
all of these behavioral issues and
difficulties that we were having
and it was down there all the time and
she just loves riding so much but she
just left it behind like she left so
many things and just when I saw the
first picture of her on the front lawn
on the horse I just knew she was gonna
be okay what were we sold us was the
gross when you see the girls and you
know that they all came in where your
daughter is now and you know how much
pain those girls had to be in and that
they're not there now you know that
something here is working and it gives
you hope that that can work for you too
she actually had a lot of academic
success this year and she never had that
before
and she really learned something instead
of just memorizing it for the test
having green Brides really help me
be the person I want to be I feel like
if I haven't had come here then I would
be such a different person then I don't
think I would have be able to continue
like a good life and I don't think I
don't think I wouldn't be able to be a
good person and I know that if I if I
wasn't here and if I hadn't had come
here then my life would lead such a
different such a different journey and
such I would have such a different
future than to know that I'm going to
you